Hi everyone. Today's Wednesday, May the
27th. My name is Amry Band and this is
the Blueprint Open and we are taking a
look at the E- Mini S&P. It stayed in a
bit of a sideways pressure event
most all of yesterday.
The fact that it's broken out above it
and we use the 4 a.m. candlestick to do
it speaks a little bit about where we
are in the space. We're still very
rangebound, relatively speaking, but it
was a really big fight between yesterday
and the pre-market.
We're underneath this trend line.
They've moved the call wall up about 10
points. The put wall is
also moving just a little bit. The
pivot, we're above the pivot. We're
above the 50. We're above the VWAP.
Those things are bullish. The 200 is
still trending to the north. Momentum is
up.
Everything suggests dips or buys, and
they are. So, we've got another trend
line, a little bit shorter,
that is holding us. The big trend line
is well above us with targets
7580 really all the way to 7600. And you
know Darius Dale of 42 Macro has been
saying that we were going to head higher
long before we started the climb. But
here we are and
I
I'm still a little suspect about the
price action moving to the north. Now
here's the problem with that.
Although I'm suspect that everything's
moving north,
it's clear that everything is moving
north. We are above the pivot. That's
this yellow line. We are above the 50.
We're above the VWAP. We've got trending
momentum. We're above the 200.
And the VWAP and the 50 are a little bit
sideways. So, chances are we do have a
pullback that gives us another bounce.
So, where might that pullback be? Where
could we stage our longs? So, this one
is interesting. We could
wait for the deeper dip at around 75
35. The anchored VWAP is also sitting
there at that 7535.
The pivots's at 7538
and then you know the breakaway
really above 7545
is where the peak action is and the VWAP
is also there. So what does that mean?
Well, you got about 10 points of squish.
So I would say try some micros if you do
not want to expose your risk, right?
Because 10 points is going to be $500
for a regular ES. So you don't want to,
you know, over lever around that zone.
Try a couple of yeses.
If it holds, then you run to the edge.
The first target, of course, is 7560,
and we are sitting right up at the edge
there. So the question is, do you buy
there? Well, my thought is, I'm too
close, excuse me, I'm too far away from
the moving averages to just go flat out
with a buy and I'm too close to the
first target.
which is that pivot at 7560. So I would
wait for a fade if it were me and it
might take all day but you still wait
for the fade. You let the price action
give you what you need. Now if we lose
that 7535
area
we've got 7530. We've got 75
18.
We've got a fair bit of demand down here
at this 7518
to 7520 21
and this is a space that we do tend to
move to the south. Now the question is
can I take a short? Well not looking at
the 30 minute I don't think that's a
grand idea. If you look for the five,
you could present a mean reversion trade
and say, "Hey, I'm going to take this
short right here at 7559, but my stop is
going to be 7562
or whatever." And once it breaks through
and under this demand zone, you can add
to your position going down to 7546. As
it sits, not so great, right? Uh, I I
don't I don't like that for a short at
all. All right, let's take a look at the
ENQ.
Okay. Um,
let me look at the daily on the ENQ.
So, I noticed Micron got an upgrade. I
mean, what is that thing? $900 now. Just
unreal.
Unreal. Look at this.
Oh my gosh, it's absurd.
Absurd motion.
Bananas. Okay, so clearly the ENQ's and
breakout up above 30,000.
The 1day max is 30,475.
It is it is tracking that trend line so
tightly. So dips again or buys. The
momentum on the daily, however, tells us
that a pullback into support is not out
of the question at all.
If you go to the 30 minute, we also see
a little bit of technical divergence.
These two are right around the same, but
price actions much higher. This also is
a clue that we might have a mean
reversion event on the horizon. We are
above a pivot. That pivot is 30,196.
Obviously, we've got a bit of demand at
around 30,177.
The loss of that area gives us a short
into 30,112
and then potentially the 50 simple
moving average. Solid demand down here
at 30,36. Is it likely that we test
the demand zone and and maybe even this
gamma line here at 30,000?
Yeah, easily. Now notice yesterday.
Yesterday, same sort of thing. Negative
divergence.
Look at how tight the fade is. The fade
is just into the VWAP. So if we think
about the same sort of negative
divergence here, the pullback
essentially at the VWAP. So shallow dips
at this juncture. People are still
running this train very hot. very very
hot. This is incredibly unusual
information
that we are seeing, but the trend is to
the north. So, what's next? Well,
let's have a gander.
This is our primary candle and let's do
Fibonacci on this thing.
Oh my goodness.
Okay, it tells us that our breakout line
is 30,120.
Great pullback event right on the VWAP.
Our extensions 30,260
30,340
that maps from a daily perspective
and 30,436.
So you know are we capable of moving
that much today? Potentially.
Potentially we did move you know 300 400
points yesterday alto together. So
that's very likely dips or buys. If you
want to take a short here, that looks
hard to me. It's got risk, but you can
take it if you just keep your stop
at 30,225.
To me, it feels much more like a buy and
a run to higher levels. So buying the
breakout, not a not a horrible idea.
It's not certainly one I like, but you
certainly can't do it. If per happen
stance, we lose that 30,000 zone. The
demand zones deeper are down, excuse me,
that 30,80 zone. The demand zones are at
the 29,970
and then further at 29,920
and then 29,850.
So, a lot of money to be made in in the
NQ. Just have to really pace yourself
here. I mean, really. And you want to
watch in my mind, one of the most
important candlesticks to watch in the
ENQ is the opening candlestick
formation.
It's it's fairly
It's pretty good at giving you target
zones that are actually exceptional in
my mind. So, there you have it. Um,
let's go to
Gosh,
I really did not want to feel like I was
giving you word solid there, but it did
feel like word solid. Okay, so you know,
I have this running theory that the YM
sort of front runs the ES and the NQ
motion. So they were running up when the
market was sort of flat and then we ran
up and now they're they ran down and are
trying to recover and this motion could
give us the what we are expecting from a
mean reversion in the other charts. I
haven't done anything statistical on
that pure heristic but nevertheless I I
think it's generally important. Notice
how well our lines held.
Our breakdown lines
very nice in the formations
failed.
Um, look above, right? So, we looked
above and then failed.
Had a beautiful rotation down literally
all night, excuse me, all day.
And then, well, all night also. And then
we've begun to recover. So we're within
range, within value, sideways
formations. We came in, kissed the 200
VWAP
and the 50.
Everybody following in generally
different directions. The VWAP is
holding us as support. The 50 is
downward, but we are above it. The 200
is upward, and we're holding it as
support. And momentum is very sharply to
the north. What are we going to try and
do? My thought is get to the old support
zone,
right? That number.
What is that number? 50,881.
And then we'll see what happens. But I
don't feel a need to move any of these
lines. They're perfectly fine. I would
watch demand zones as a target region.
and maybe 51,020.
We're above the pivot. Everything looks
really bullish here. So, dips or buys.
And those ideal dips look like about
yesterday's low line of 50,623.
Now
if perhaps we roll over
you can see that the support zones give
us 50,443
and then the additional support zone
below that
50,250.
Let's take a look at micro bitcoin.
Probably a little bouncy.
Ah not so much. Yeah, we got a rollover
coming in my mind.
Take a look at this.
We broke the ledge. The 75,000 is the
space I said, "Hey, support zone. If it
fails, wait for it to recover and then
you can take the trade." But a lot of
supply sitting right here all the way
into 76,190.
So what are we staring down? Downward
sloping 50 flat VWAP under the pivot
under the anchor VWAP under the 200 that
is flat to down. Look what happened
during the trading day yesterday.
This gigantic candle. Holy smokes. Look
at that thing.
That
me
that is crazy.
Do I need to move this in the other
direction? No, I counted the right way.
So, where is two?
I don't have two.
So, let's do
two.
All right. So, great Fibonacci extension
came right down into
um a 2x event and is now bouncing.
Where are they likely to bounce into
resistance at which point we should see
another sell zone. So, what are we
staring down? Resistance areas are the
following.
76,600
76,190.
Any spikes we get going up into there,
they're going to be sell zones. If they
try to get to the 200, which they could,
so watch your size.
That would be the next thing that you
want to keep your eye on. Okay. But the
bounces are cells here. Clearly, the
bounces are cells. Okay.
lower edges 24,550
500 and then 23,872.
Let's go to oil.
Okay.
All right. That is quite the fade.
Quite the fade in the overnight. I
haven't read any news. I just went
straight to the charts. So, obviously,
we've got ourselves some news. This has
been a steady fade
off into the area and we just rolled to
this contract maybe I don't know
two weeks ago.
Yeah, looks like about May 10,
right? And so we've got a double bottom
and a supply zone, excuse me, demand
zone. So the traders are going to try
and bounce here. Notice bounce
off of this area and then it's very
likely to bounce here off of this 90.
Right, we've talked about this 90 a lot.
89.
I think I'll shift that 89 down, but our
levels held pretty well. not exact
because we did go into the gamma wall
yesterday at 9475
before rotating down. So, what was this
low?
1:00
1:00 candle.
You know, like D always says,
Tiana Angelo, she always says,
volume and time are uh very closely
related inside of these commodities. A
great commodities trader. Okay, so if we
do bounce,
we could easily come right back into the
200. The 50 is above us and curving
downward. The VWAP is down. We're under
the pivot. We're under uh support level
one. We're we tested support level two.
This is a a likely bounce zone, right?
We've also had a really big ah79.
I'm not sure I I've seen a reading like
that in quite some time. So that's very
negative. That's
persistent aggressive selling.
So
it it might have to chop around in here
and sort of wear some of that off. That
is very negative. So I would not jump in
here right now. I maybe give it
another couple hours.
Let's go to gold.
Okay, great. Gold's doing awesome.
Gold following the story board pretty
well. Here is our ledge.
that we're looking at right here at
44.88.
Now, my thought
is my eyeballs tell me here,
what about
giving this Fibonacci a go?
Yes, that is the Fibonacci to watch.
And so here is the bottoming formation
not 44.88
although 4488 gives us our go ahead.
Okay so this is very likely a buy zone.
We see momentum being very divergent.
We see a pretty far away space between
our moving averages. We have um the VWAP
above us 44.98. We have the 50 above us
that's 457. We had the 200 of us. That's
4531.
I would not be surprised to see us get
back up to 4515. But to me, this is a
look below and fail. And so the look
below and fail in the downward passage
sends us into the near-term and
important
uh
moving averages areas of consistency
that we might want to stare down.
Right? So at at my my best guess would
be easily we test 453
we could get to 4515
if not and we head below we've got
tremendous demand
all the way down to 4458. Now as you
know I still think we head to the south
and I'm I'm bearish for the short term
in gold. I do believe that sovereign
nations are selling their gold,
grabbing some dollars, paying some debt.
If I I mean, if I were running a
country, I'd be very cautious right now
in terms of my debt load and making sure
I had money to pay my bills. And if I'd
been collecting gold for a few years, I
would be offloading it to pay some
bills.
But that's me and it is supposed by
several others with lots of letters
behind their name that that's also
what's going on. So anyway, what are we
seeing? 752.
We're well above the call wall. 750.
Second day in a row. Um that we have
breached the call. actually third day in
a row we've breached the call wall
even though you know we we were not
around on the 26th
or is that the 25th? I don't know.
Anyways, today we're breaking higher.
Next next line in the sand 754. Now
remember what happens when we
consistently break a call wall and we
cannot pull it in. The the dealers are
forced to buy and we have ourselves an
upward expansion. Right now
we have downward momentum suggesting
that the bounces are going to be topping
formations that bring us back into
support. Where is that support? The
pivot at 750 which is also where the
call wall is. So we could dance around
some congestion into the call wall
again. Today we are well above the
zones. Let's see what we got here.
Yeah, these measures.
This is the line to watch.
right around there.
This pivot here should be pretty
important. Very, very interesting.
Yes, a lot to think about right there.
Dips are clearly buys.
Could you buy the breakout?
Yes, you could. I wouldn't, but you
know, I've had lots of trades go by me.
Okay, listen. That's it for me. I'll see
you on the streams, albe it somewhat
spattered. Um, and we can talk about
what's going on in the market. All
right, everybody. Take care.
Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.